index.md, before:

---
title: Home
---
## News
<!-- <span class="badge badge-danger">New</span> -->
Our research is [introduced](http://www.kansai-u.ac.jp/kenkyubito/stories/11_takahashi.html) in Kansai University official website. / 関西大学のホームページで高橋研究室の研究紹介が[公開されました](http://www.kansai-u.ac.jp/kenkyubito/stories/11_takahashi.html)。(March 2, 2020)

Our laboratory has been renewed for its 10th anniversary. / 設立10周年を迎え、研究室をリニューアルしました。
(April 1, 2020)

---

## About
**Takahashi Laboratory at &nbsp; [Faculty of Societal Safety Sciences](https://www.kansai-u.ac.jp/Fc_ss/english/), &nbsp; [Kansai University](https://www.kansai-u.ac.jp/English/)**

We conduct disaster prevention and reduction research on water related disasters such as tsunamis, storm surges and floodings. We are also groping for ways to use machine learning for disaster research. In addition, we consider environmental issues as long-time-scale disasters, and conduct research on renewable energy (hydropower) and coral reef restoration.

**[関西大学](https://www.kansai-u.ac.jp/index.html) [社会安全学部](http://www.kansai-u.ac.jp/Fc_ss/) 高橋研究室**

津波や高潮、洪水などの水に関連した災害を対象とした防災・減災を研究しています。また、機械学習を災害研究に利用する方法を模索中です。さらに、環境問題を時間スケールの長い災害と捉えて、再生可能エネルギー（水力発電）やサンゴ礁再生なども研究しています。

---

## History
Our laboratory was established in April 2020. We started out under the name of Hydrosphere Disaster Laboratory, because the main research objectives were water related disasters and environmental issues at the beginning. However, since then, we have covered data science and application development, and our research has expanded into a wide range of field related to safety and security. Therefore, in April 2020, the 10th anniversary of our founding,  we change the name to Takahashi Laboratory to cope with more diverse researches.

本研究室は2010年4月に設立されました。当初は水に関連した災害と環境問題が主な研究目的であったため、水災害研究室という名称でスタートしました。しかし、その後、データサイエンスやアプリ開発なども行うようになり、安全・安心に関する幅広い分野に研究が発展してきました。そこで、設立10周年を迎えた2020年4月に、より多様な研究に対応するため、高橋研究室に改名しました。

Commit message:

revise information about Advanced Seminar

index.md, after:

---
title: Home
---
## News
<span class="badge badge-danger">New</span>
For prospective students for Advanced Seminar in 2021
<a href="/b2.html"><i class="fas fa-link"></i></a>
/ 2021年度専門演習の履修予定者へ
<a href="/b2.html"><i class="fas fa-link"></i></a>
(Oct. 14, 2020 updated)

Our research is introduced in Kansai University official website.
<a href="https://www.kansai-u.ac.jp/stories/11_takahashi.html"><i class="fas fa-link"></i></a>
/ 関西大学のホームページで研究が紹介されました。
<a href="https://www.kansai-u.ac.jp/stories/11_takahashi.html"><i class="fas fa-link"></i></a>
(March 2, 2020)

Our laboratory has been renewed for its 10th anniversary. / 設立10周年を迎え、研究室をリニューアルしました。
(April 1, 2020)

---

## About
**Takahashi Laboratory at &nbsp; [Faculty of Societal Safety Sciences](https://www.kansai-u.ac.jp/Fc_ss/english/), &nbsp; [Kansai University](https://www.kansai-u.ac.jp/English/)**

We conduct disaster prevention and reduction research on water related disasters such as tsunamis, storm surges and floodings. We are also groping for ways to use machine learning for disaster research. In addition, we consider environmental issues as long-time-scale disasters, and conduct research on renewable energy (hydropower) and coral reef restoration.

**[関西大学](https://www.kansai-u.ac.jp/index.html) [社会安全学部](http://www.kansai-u.ac.jp/Fc_ss/) 高橋研究室**

津波や高潮、洪水などの水に関連した災害を対象とした防災・減災を研究しています。また、機械学習を災害研究に利用する方法を模索中です。さらに、環境問題を時間スケールの長い災害と捉えて、再生可能エネルギー（水力発電）やサンゴ礁再生なども研究しています。

---

## History
Our laboratory was established in April 2020. We started out under the name of Hydrosphere Disaster Laboratory, because the main research objectives were water related disasters and environmental issues at the beginning. However, since then, we have covered data science and application development, and our research has expanded into a wide range of field related to safety and security. Therefore, in April 2020, the 10th anniversary of our founding,  we change the name to Takahashi Laboratory to cope with more diverse researches.

本研究室は2010年4月に設立されました。当初は水に関連した災害と環境問題が主な研究目的であったため、水災害研究室という名称でスタートしました。しかし、その後、データサイエンスやアプリ開発なども行うようになり、安全・安心に関する幅広い分野に研究が発展してきました。そこで、設立10周年を迎えた2020年4月に、より多様な研究に対応するため、高橋研究室に改名しました。
